git remote add upstream https://github.com/Aschen/codingame-solver.git


git fetch upstream

git branch -a

git checkout master

git merge upstream/master


Make Changes:
	Use the editor in WebStorm to modify the files. Save your changes.

Stage Files:

In WebStorm, open the Commit tool window by selecting Git > Commit from the main menu or by pressing Ctrl + K (on Windows/Linux) or Cmd + K (on macOS).
In the Commit tool window, you'll see a list of modified files. Check the boxes next to the files you want to stage.
This is similar to running git add for each file in the console.

Commit Changes:

After staging your files, type your commit message in the text area at the top of the Commit tool window.
You can select the Amend Commit checkbox if you want to amend the previous commit.
When you're ready, click the Commit button at the bottom of the window to commit the staged changes to your local repository. You may also have options to Commit and Push or Commit and Create a Pull Request.

Push Changes:

	To push your commits to the remote repository, click on the Git menu in the main menu bar, then choose Push or press Ctrl + Shift + K (on Windows/Linux) or Cmd + Shift + K (on macOS).
	The Push Commits dialog will appear, showing you a list of commits that are ready to be pushed to the remote repository.
	Confirm that the correct branch is displayed in the Push to field. If you're working with a fork, it should be your fork's branch.
	
	Click Push to push your commits.

If you need to sync your fork with the original repository:

	Fetch from Upstream:

	Open the Git tool window by going to View > Tool Windows > Git or by pressing Alt + 9.
	Click on the Update Project button, which might look like a circular arrow or may just be a text button depending on your UI configuration.
	Choose the option to Merge, Rebase, or Rebase my GitHub fork to update your project with the latest changes from the upstream repository.

	Merge Upstream Changes:

	If there are changes in the upstream repository that you need to merge into your local branch, you can merge them by using the Merge Changes dialog that appears after fetching. Choose the upstream branch that you want to merge into your branch and confirm the merge.
	Remember, if you encounter any conflicts during merging, you'll need to resolve them before you can proceed with the push. WebStorm provides a visual tool to help resolve merge conflicts that you can access through the VCS menu.		

Csekk: Language and Frameworks/OpenAPI Speficication (Swagger)

